TOTO.md, before:

**TODO:**
implement changes to jobs table into views
filter by location, add location options to event. type of work - labour, admin etc, partime full time etc, evenings, days weekends etc
register organisation at same time as log in?
change event page to show the top 5 events from home page   -- Include a class level        ActiveRecord scope method (model object & class method name and URL to see the working feature e.g. User.most_recipes URL: /users/most_recipes)
change home page to be a landing page/about page with instructions
apply link takes to sign up if not logged in
use helper methods for views?
**extras for later**
-org show page should have logo and cover photo style activestorage or paperclip
https://medium.com/@anaharris/how-to-add-image-upload-functionality-to-your-rails-app-9f7fc3f3d042

save or favourite job/organisation? then have your own page show favourites
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/13240109/implement-add-to-favorites-in-rails-3-4

**+++Last+++**
30 min coding session record
confirm meeting requirements by checking off list
blog post
video walkthru

Commit message:

adding available scope to jobs controller and routes

TOTO.md, after:

**TODO:**
Jobs Index: Filter by: available (by default), location, type of work, commitment
Events Index: Filter by: upcoming top 5 (default), location
organisation index: Filter by: all(default), category, location
-- Include a class level ActiveRecord scope method (model object & class method name and URL to see the working feature e.g. User.most_recipes URL: /users/most_recipes)

change home page to be a landing page/about page with instructions
apply link takes to sign up if not logged in
use helper methods for views? need to get rid of collection arrays
register organisation at same time as log in?
change bottom nav to be on right side of top?
**extras for later**
-org show page should have logo and cover photo style activestorage or paperclip
https://medium.com/@anaharris/how-to-add-image-upload-functionality-to-your-rails-app-9f7fc3f3d042

save or favourite job/organisation? then have your own page show favourites
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/13240109/implement-add-to-favorites-in-rails-3-4

**+++Last+++**
30 min coding session record
confirm meeting requirements by checking off list
blog post
video walkthru
